---
title: C'Est La Vie En Gare!
date: "2020-04-11T11:16:44.135Z"
description: "Such is life at the train station!"
---

Alright, so, didn't get the job ... didn't get _this_ job! Didn't get a job in tech _yet!_ Made it through an interview and didn't get laughed off, and now with that matter concluded, as well as the Logoed project, I have a tremendous amount of freedom in this moment! (Language is important! Can't change the past, only ourselves in this moment! Allonz-y!)

To table something, the apartment people will need to be dealt with here, as they were not exactly either forthcoming or knowledgable about the emergency updates to the grace period as far as rent goes, but I need to act on the highest priority matters right now, and so I shall!

So there's like three pieces here, what to work on, getting applications out there, and community involvement.

Back to front, community involvement. Just waded through the Reactiflux Discord, definitely worth being on there, the help sections are invaluable, it's good for mental health to be able to chat with folk, and the jobs section is always active. Twitter, too, same, always seeing hot tips, hot takes, and hot jobs there. I'd love to start a New London JavaScript meetup when things get a little bit back to normal, so that's something to plan for. Also, involvement in Open Source is a great way to learn and looks good on the resume.

Then job applications. I've got a few lists/places to look, so I thought what I'd do would be to put together a list of jobs that I'd really like, places I'd really like to work at, all that jazz, and then make a list of jobs I could maybe fit at, places I'd maybe like to work at, all that jazz, and then make a list of jobs that were definite maybes, so to speak, and then start with the definite maybes, and then by the time I get to the jobs I'd really like, I'm a tech-application-filling-outer pro, and I'll be very likely to actually apply to the whole list that way. I remember when I was a kid and got sugary cereal with marshmellows, I'd eat all the non-marshmellow bits first so basically I'd end up with candy at the end. Nutritionally questionable, but a sign of good planning skills and self-motivation from an early age! ðŸ˜†

Okay, what to work on is an interesting question. Totally valid to polish up the Logoed project, but it would be really nice to have a break from that. Then there's my website, it's definitely starting to be a little painful both updating it because I'm not sure exactly what's changing between builds, and now I know how to use `git diff`! Also painful just looking at it, it's pretty horrific, lol. There's also a few small things I'd like to do with React Native, one is the splash screen issue in RN60+, and also getting down the `flex: 1,` vs `display: flex;` thing, might go through FlexBox Froggie and throw some penguins in there and build it in React and React Native. Speaking of penguins, there's games to be built, that's always fun! There's also Run Club, kinda no better time to work on that, too! (And the other machine is upgrading to Catalina!)

As far as what I do _today,_ I think I'll go back up that list, work on some code for a while, work on applications for a while, and keep thinking about community stuff throughout, staying on Reactiflux and looking out for any open source libraries that need help along the way. Okay go!

Splash60Plus, init! I was so annoyed that I (totally my fault) broke the whole app I was working on trying to get that one bit of polish, when like it's the first impression, and surely other people are doing this too. To Google! Ooh, or to GitHub!

Okay, this repo is massive, wtf, and this wasn't updated after 2018, but resource 1 is (Rohit Sharma's epic Documentation Repo)[https://github.com/rohit120582sharma/Documentation/wiki/React-Native-~-Splash-Screen#create--add-splash-screen-in-rnn] he says in (another part)[https://github.com/rohit120582sharma/Documentation/wiki/React-Native-~-Application-Architecture] that he's using react-native-splash-screen ... I don't see that he goes into it any more than linking to the library though, and I don't know what version of RN he's on ... What a wiki though! Holy moley!

Oh, okay, first hit in the code tab, I don't know where in the tree this is, but it's an Infinite Red starter (ACR Talk)[https://github.com/jamonholmgren/acr-talk/tree/c9ad09522caa27f8b89e820c8afad041f0eef5f2/AcrReactNative] ... RN 0.60.5 and react-native-splash-screen 3.1.1 ...

Splash60Plus under source control, LOL. Oh, build failed off the bat, lol! Right, on-device testing needs provisioning ... Signing and Capabilities > Team > TrailCity Inc. (heh ... ehh ...) ... Building ... Building ... Yay it runs. I need to put myself together and walk Dawa again now before trying Android, because it's not showing up in `adb devices` and I don't remember what I did to get this working. It's not kill-server, it's not turning debugging off and on again. USB driver? Anyway ... lol, so before I go, I tried another cable, and that worked! ðŸ¤£ And I'm going to assemble job listings while walking Dawa rather than just listening to a podcast or music or whatever! To the future! //

OOOHHKAY SO: HELLO EXHAUSTION. It's still pretty brisk out, and I just walked around the block for multiple hours going through job listings. (Candor.co)[candor.co] is great, but wow ... so much ... so cold ... ow my back and shoulders from holding the phone. Let's count ... because I'm still in the 'A's ...

Actually, starting with the ShopTalk Show listings, actually, 21 listings, 4 were no longer hiring, 1 I couldn't tell, two were for other specialties (backend, data vis,) 5 were for senior roles, 3 had specific requirements in terms of experience/portfolio, 2 were Tier One choices (yay!), 1 was Tier Two, there was a support role, and one started off with "We have a passion for the Church ..." ... yea.

Ahhh, there are dozens left still in the 'A's!!! So this site says either "Hiring", "Not Hiring", "Mixed Accounts", or "Layoffs" and updates live, which is awesome, but most of the postings don't have links, so Googling every company, trying to find their careers page, going through their job listings, and most of the time it not being a developer position or being for a senior role has been totally exhausting on mobile. Now I'm back to my computer, this might be a little faster ... going to try to get through the 'A's ... //

Oh my gosh, it's 5:30, and I got through the 'A's on that last walk with Dawa. At least I stopped writing down every one where it wasn't going to work. If I kept going at that same rate, it'd take me two weeks just to go through them, so obviously that's not right. Also there are other sources, like AngelList, keeping up with Discord and the React subReddit, and there's Hiring React Native ... I think I need to focus on being a full-stack dev with React, React Native, and Node, and see if I can produce some work that's a little more polished. Run Club was actually pretty far along before I stopped working on it ... and I need some sort of process here of continuing with all of this, or I'm going to lose it. Like procedurally, because what I'm trying to do is complicated, and mentally, like ... deep breaths, here. The dog and the cold and the financial stress and the pandemic compounding everything, I'm a little on edge here.

Done with job stuff for now though. Where was I with dev stuff? I should power through, tonight. Android build failed with either a gradle thing, a path thing, or a network thing. Try the build again, lol.

Oh you know what I just thought of? My sister said sometimes artists need help with websites, I should look for art that has art as the subject, and do some photoshopping, that would be funny.

... My dog decided that dinner was acceptable with a little cheese sprinkled on top. Hooray. ðŸ•

No, running `droid` again did not fix the problem. Probably rules out network. Let's see if Android Studio can do any magic here. Checking path is next. // Wait ... connect timed out? I'm two feet from the router, what's happening? Okay, I just edited the global gradle properties and comment out the proxt lines as per (stack overflow)[https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42516117/android-studio-gradle-sync-failed-connection-timed-out-connect,] and my dog is whining at me. Yeap. Really glad the app built, on our way out, lol. // Aight, well, global WTF WAS THAT?!? ... That was Camille, dropping Bella's leash and freaking out, at the same time as whatever is happening upstairs was happening, so I thought Camille had fallen again or something.

Aight, well, global gradle.properties, comment out the proxy lines. Git commit. git checkout -b acr ... yarn add react-native-splash-screen ... todo myself on learning react-native-dotenv ... oh boy, so I need to todo myself on learning how they do this whole thing. The gist is that they're calling setUpRootStore in a useEffect(()=>{stuff},[]) in app.tsx, and stuff sets rootStore as state, and if !rootStore, return null, and they're only calling hide on the splash screen in storybook mode. I wonder if it's because there's a rerender caused by the state changing that negates the need to do so explicitly? Let's go with that, for now.

Oh, wait, it wasn't just the react-native-splash-screen readme that got me there last time, it was (this article from Spencer Carli!)[https://medium.com/handlebar-labs/how-to-add-a-splash-screen-to-a-react-native-app-ios-and-android-30a3cec835ae] Okay, now I have two sources at least, one that I can trust that it works because it's RN60+ and Infinite Red, and the other because Spencer Carli and I'd actually followed it before back in 2017 or 2018, but understanding what's really going on here needs a clearer head than mine right now, except for food, hygeine, and other essentials, I haven't stopped for more than twelve hours, and I'm like done-zowski here. I wish I could just go and go and go. Maybe when I've got everything more dialed in, my ankle is better, Dawa and I can train up midday and the endorphins (todo link to _that_ post) are flowing, I'll be able to crank out 14, 15, 16 hours of really good work in a day. I'm looking forward to it. For now, my back hurts, I'm exhausted, Dawa and I are going to get another run in tomorrow, probably another something close to 3 or 4 miles since he hasn't been trained enough recently (entirely my fault,) and Lord have mercy.

Best wishes,
~g

P.S. Did I add react-native-splash-screen AFTER checkout -b? silly goose ...
