---
title: Face-Palm
date: "2020-03-23T08:58:10.123Z"
description: "In which Gareth wakes up to slightly upsetting news."
---

Oooohkay, so reality check, I might be out of a job for the moment, but my dude Oluwatobitowa texted me this morning saying he didn't know what to work on and that he couldn't do as much learning as he wanted yesterday **because of power outages across his country!!!** Ummm, wtf, so we're working on getting a bash shell on his computer and him set up with GitHub and any materials and code I can send his way, and I might be looking into companies in Nigeria that produce personal solar units. [This one from Sun King looks promising.](https://www.greenlightplanet.com/solar-lights-shop/sun-king-pro-400/)

Anyway, he's out and about, so I'm going to keep going with my own stuff for the moment. Taking a look at the tabs with hooks library, I'm going to try to grok that before using it. Except Dawa needs another walk soo ... let's fork the repo and see about that new GitHub mobile app // ... which worked perfectly, except I don't know why the repos aren't listed chronologically, but the thing is it's _freezing_ out and my fingers froze, trying to hold my phone. I've got a podcast where a Nigerian developer is being interviewed going on, so I'm going to kind of type my stream of consciousness and hopefully out the other side I'll be ready to rock and roll. The things I'm working on right now are this tabs thing, and implementing it on my website, which is going to get me leveled up with hooks, because it uses useCallback, useMemo, createContext, and useContext ... and then also I've implemented the navigation I want to see, basically, for the RunClub app, but I still need to work out how that's going to go for the Moodbit app ... oh, it's snowing ... arrg. Okay, then so I still need to be applying for jobs here, and reaching out to my social network, and then I need to handle the life insurance people today, and I should get back to my father about the rest of the stuff down on Long Island. Then getting some supplies, and making some soup. Oh, and if I can get my video call setup down, that would be awesome if Elsbeth can help me test that. I should message my guy at Logoed, too. We're going to have a window of time when restaurants open back up, so there could be some pressure to take advantage of that. I think that'll be the first thing I tackle, then tabs, then customizing my website with it, then maybe filling out some more of the main content, at least on the 'coding' tab, like to show my GitHub and my resume. I'm shoveling popcorn into my face because this last walk was _so_ frustrating. I know that's a me problem, both with the relationship to food and my anger issues. Room to grow. Lol, if I keep eating this popcorn, growing is definitely in the plans, haha. I meant to work out today, when I was thinking about it yesterday, because I got a long barefoot walk in, then the next day I got a barefoot run in, and then yesterday I got a run in with Dawa, and my Achilles injury was definitely trying to flare up ... I'm not sure if it's the tendon still injured, or that the muscle around it is just used to being so tight to protect the tendon. My back is killing me, too. I know it's my own fault again, but my dog just like, doesn't walk with me, he's super anxious and will just take off at the slightest noise and yank me off to the side while I'm holding a tea to keep my fingers warm and my phone to try and keep in the coding zone, and breaking the interruption, plus the cold, plus my back pain, I get so mad! And in this small apartment I'm stuck in, there's nowhere to get away from him, and he growls at like a plastic bag floating by, and I'm going to make another coffee because I don't sleep well these days, but how am I going to focus?

Okay, OpenCollective, though, that sounds dope! Issues have price tags attached? Alright!

Eugh, and the weather is supposed to just get worse all day. Okay, coffee is made, I'm going to focus as much as possible for the next hour and blast through. Let's go!!

Okay, thank you pen and paper, got the logic hypothetically sorted. Global stack for modals and alerts, conditionally the auth stack with sign in/up, and profile creation, the logoing stack with biz select, logoing, and sharing screens, then the home drawer with the thank you/landing screen, 'Logoing, take 2!' as a FAB maybe, and profile, rewards, terms of service, feedback, and settings screens.

Ah, no, do not look outside, do not look on twitter, or through open collective projects. Code, lol.

\*\*\*\*! I _would_ be testing the navigation logic for the Logoed app, but Xcode is updating and might not finish because I only have a limited amount of data my phone can pump out as a hotspot, which is BS! Whole point of getting unlimited data :\

Okay, well, on the line with Frontier, because the other option is a Comcast company, so like, lesser of two evils ... Eugh and speaking of, Starbucks is providing catastrophe pay, so yay, except didn't get back to me when I needed it last week, even with documentation, so boo, and also they're staying open! Like ... seriously ...

Okay, _well,_ I can work on the web side of things as the build tools don't need Xcode, which is hanging at 99% ... though I guess I could use the Android emulator, silly me, let's try that. ... Nope ... oh, wait, I went and ordered Internet service and made soup, and now it's on 99% executing ... guess how long I'm going to have soup for, too, lol. Is it all week? Oh yea. ... [51m, 41s] ...

Alright, _well,_ I can work on the web side of things. // Omg, did Xcode finish? Eh, I mean, good time to learn `useContext` ... from a Nigerian developer who writes for Smashing! Go give [Yasuff Faruq](twitter.com/faruqyusuffG) a follow!!

Ohhkay, though ... okay, look, let he without sin cast the first stone, right? And it's probably a good thing that I can't follow along exactly with the demo and just type in code blindly, that it's not exposited coherently just means I have to figure out not what he said, but what he _meant,_ and that's a skill more worth developing!

At the end of the day here, I got the Logoed project to render, I've got this context example with themes ready to go, I dealt with the Starbucks people, I dealt with the Internet people, I found some Nigerian devs (they're out there!) and some Nigerian solar companies, I made soup, I cared for my dog, I know that Big Nerd Farm is a place to apply, I discovered Open Collective ... tomorrow let's see if I can be in the zone for a little longer and get a workout in. The rain stops at 2 or 3am, so I'll get Dawa out for a brief one at some point this evening, another early early tomorrow morning, hopefully I can get to sleep, and there's vegetables for a low-carb morning, get a run in maybe ... hopefully nobody has actually read this tosh, however if so!:

Best wishes! ~g
